hey John hey mr. Williams it's a
pleasure it's in this beautiful land we
have here the trees the big goodness of
the earth now
mr. Williams what brought you to settle
here in this land I shall not bend to
what men DeMuth to be correct what
meanest thou I believe in liberty of
conscience no magistrate has the right
to punish a man according to the
dictates of his own conscience I have
not and I shall not Bend on this subject
matter for this reason I was banished
from the Massachusetts Bay Colony the
Puritans they have no room in their
beliefs for liberty of conscience I see
this is why the law we have sex in Rhode
Island sayeth that religion or the duty
that we owe to our Creator may only be
directed by reason and conviction and
not by force or violence and therefore
all men have an equal natural an
unalienable right to the free exercise
of religion according to the dictates of
conscience and that no particular sect
of religion or society ought to be
favored or established by law in
preference to others mr. Williams my
wife call it I bid thee farewell good
brother
I could why I think the Lord every day
for marrying these other men are not
nearly as fortunate as I
what does thou been reading in the good
word today it says a man must be
baptized I pray thee my good wife listen
I cannot go on as one who has authority
from God I possessed not the authority
to baptize nor does any man then what if
eligibility where shall you worship
there is no regularly constituted Church
on earth nor any person authorized to
administer any church ordinances nor can
there be until new apostles are sent by
the great head of the church whose
coming I am seeking
here we have the producer of this fine
film and the writer and director and
star actor and our star actress lead
role Brianna Stone my lovely dear wife
Roberta and we have myself I'll be
playing a minor role